my major role as a leader, um is I am the the the third person in the
Triad. I am the closest person Thio the sailors they enlisted outside.
Um, everything comes through me first before it goes to the XO, the
executive officer and the CEO of the commanding officer. Any issues
both personally and professionally? It starts with me. We have a
as the my CEO would call it a pecking order. And it starts with me the
majority of the time on leadership issues with my petty officers
or even my junior sailors. It all starts with me different concerns
with, um, their career there, uh, and personal with family. All those
issues start with me, and then it routes up to the XO and then to
see a